1 Thessalonians 1:4 C Quote/FTV For we know, brothers loved by God, that he has chosen you.
1 Thessalonians 1:6-7 T Quote/FTV And you became imitators of us and of the Lord, for you received the word in much affliction, with the joy of the Holy Spirit, so that you became an example to all the believers in Macedonia and in Achaia.
1 Thessalonians 1:8 A Quote/FTV For not only has the word of the Lord sounded forth from you in Macedonia and Achaia, but your faith in God has gone forth everywhere so that we need not say anything.
1 Thessalonians 2:11-12 T Quote/FTV For you know how, like a father with his children, we exhorted each one of you and encouraged you and charged you to walk in a manner worthy of God, who calls you into his own kingdom and glory.
1 Thessalonians 2:13 T Quote/FTV And we also thank God constantly for this, that when you received the word of God, which you heard from us, you accepted it not as the word of men but as what it really is, the word of God, which is at work in you believers.
1 Thessalonians 2:19-20 T Quote/FTV For what is our hope or joy or crown of boasting before our Lord Jesus at his coming? Is it not you? For you are our glory and joy.
1 Thessalonians 2:3-4 A Quote/FTV For our appeal does not spring from error or impurity or any attempt to deceive, but just as we have been approved by God to be entrusted with the gospel, so we speak, not to please man, but to please God who tests our hearts.
1 Thessalonians 2:7 B Quote/FTV But we were gentle among you, like a nursing mother taking care of her own children
1 Thessalonians 2:8 C Quote/FTV So, being affectionately desirous of you, we were ready to share with you not only the gospel of God but also our own selves, because you had become very dear to us.
1 Thessalonians 3:11-13 A Quote/FTV Now may our God and Father himself, and our Lord Jesus, direct our way to you, and may the Lord make you increase and abound in love for one another and for all, as we do for you, so that he may establish your hearts blameless in holiness before our God and Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus with all his saints.
1 Thessalonians 3:13 C Quote/FTV so that he may establish your hearts blameless in holiness before our God and Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus with all his saints.
1 Thessalonians 4:10b-12 A Quote/FTV But we urge you, brothers, to do this more and more, and to aspire to live quietly, and to mind your own affairs, and to work with your hands, as we instructed you, so that you may walk properly before outsiders and be dependent on no one.
1 Thessalonians 4:13-14 T Quote/FTV But we do not want you to be uninformed, brothers, about those who are asleep, that you may not grieve as others do who have no hope. For since we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so, through Jesus, God will bring with him those who have fallen asleep.
1 Thessalonians 4:16 B Quote/FTV For the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a cry of command, with the voice of an archangel, and with the sound of the trumpet of God. And the dead in Christ will rise first.
1 Thessalonians 4:17-18 A Quote/FTV Then we who are alive, who are left, will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so we will always be with the Lord. Therefore encourage one another with these words.
1 Thessalonians 4:3-5 T Quote/FTV For this is the will of God, your sanctification; that you abstain from sexual immorality; that each one of you know how to control his own body in holiness and honor, not in the passion of lust like the Gentiles who do not know God;
1 Thessalonians 4:7 C Quote/FTV For God has not called us for impurity, but in holiness.
1 Thessalonians 5:11 B Quote/FTV Therefore encourage one another and build one another up, just as you are doing.
1 Thessalonians 5:14 T Quote/FTV And we urge you, brothers, admonish the idle, encourage the fainthearted, help the weak, be patient with them all.
1 Thessalonians 5:15-18 B Quote/FTV See that no one repays anyone evil for evil, but always seek to do good to one another and to everyone. Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18 C Quote/FTV Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you.
1 Thessalonians 5:19-22 T Quote/FTV Do not quench the Spirit. Do not despise prophecies, but test everything; hold fast what is good. Abstain from every form of evil.
1 Thessalonians 5:2 T Quote/FTV For you yourselves are fully aware that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night.
1 Thessalonians 5:23-24 T Quote/FTV Now may the God of peace himself sanctify you completely, and may your whole spirit and soul and body be kept blameless at the comng of our Lord Jesus Christ. He who calls you is faithful; he will surely do it.
1 Thessalonians 5:24 B Quote/FTV He who calls you is faithful; he will surely do it.
1 Thessalonians 5:8 A Quote/FTV But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, having put on the breastplate of faith and love, and for a helmet the hope of salvation.
2 Thessalonians 1:11-12 A Quote/FTV To this end we always pray for you, that our God may make you worthy of his calling and may fulfill every resolve for good and every work of faith by his power, so that the name of our Lord Jesus may be glorified in you, and you in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 1:3 C Quote/FTV We ought always to give thanks to God for you, brothers, as is right, because your faith is growing abundantly, and the love of every one of you for one another is increasing.
2 Thessalonians 1:4 A Quote/FTV Therefore we ourselves boast about you in the churches of God for your steadfastness and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions that you are enduring.
2 Thessalonians 1:5 A Quote/FTV This is evidence of the righteous judgement of God, that you may be considered worthy of the kingdom of God, for which you are also suffering -
2 Thessalonians 2:13 A Quote/FTV But we ought always to give thanks to God for you, brothers beloved by the Lord, because God chose you as the firstfruits to be saved, through sanctification by the Spirit and belief in the truth..
2 Thessalonians 2:14 C Quote/FTV To this he called you through our gospel, so that you may obtain the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 2:15 B Quote/FTV So then, brothers, stand firm and hold to the traditions that you were taught by us either by our spoken word or by our letter.
2 Thessalonians 2:16-17 B Quote/FTV Now may our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God our Father, who loved us and gave us eternal comfort and good hope through grace, comfort your hearts and establish them in every good work and word.
2 Thessalonians 3:10 B Quote/FTV For even when we were with you, we would give you this command: If anyone is not willing to work, let him not eat.
2 Thessalonians 3:12 B Quote/FTV Now such persons we command and encourage in the Lord Jesus Christ to do their work quietly and to earn their own living.
2 Thessalonians 3:13 B Quote/FTV As for you, brothers, do not grow weary in doing good.
2 Thessalonians 3:16 C Quote/FTV Now may the Lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in every way. The Lord be with you all.
2 Thessalonians 3:3 C Quote/FTV But the Lord is faithful. He will establish you and guard you against the evil one.
2 Thessalonians 3:5 C Quote/FTV May the Lord direct your hearts to the love of God and to the steadfastness of Christ.
Matthew 17:02 C Quote/FTV And he was transfigured before them, and his face shone like the sun, and his clothes became white as light.
Matthew 17:05 B Quote/FTV He was still speaking when, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them, and a voice from the cloud said, "This is my beloved Son, with whom I am well pleased; listen to him."
Matthew 17:12-13 A Quote/FTV But I tell you that Elijah has already come, and they did not recognize him, but did to him whatever they pleased. So also the Son of Man will certainly suffer at their hands." Then the disciples understood that he was speaking to them of John the Baptist.
Matthew 17:20 T Quote/FTV He said to them, "Because of your little faith. For truly I say to you, if you have faith like a grain of mustard seed, you will say to this mountain, 'Move from here to there,' and it will move, and nothing will be impossible for you."
Matthew 18:04 C Quote/FTV Whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 18:08 A Quote/FTV And if your hand or your foot causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away. It is better for you to enter life crippled or lame than with two hands or two feet to be thrown into the eternal fire.
Matthew 18:15 B Quote/FTV If your brother sins against you, go and tell him his fault, between you and him alone. If he listens to you, you have gained your brother.
Matthew 18:19-20 A Quote/FTV Again I say to you, if two of you agree on earth about anything they ask, it will be done for them by my Father in heaven. For where two or three are gathered in my name, there am I among them.
Matthew 18:9 T Quote/FTV And if your eye causes you to sin, tear it out and throw it away. It is better for you to enter life with one eye than with two eyes to be thrown into the hell of fire.
Matthew 19:06 B Quote/FTV So they are no longer two but one flesh. What therefore God has joined together, let not man separate.
Matthew 19:14 B Quote/FTV but Jesus said, "Let the little children come to me and do not hinder them, for to such belongs the kingdom of heaven."
Matthew 19:26 C Quote/FTV But Jesus looked at them and said, "With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible."
Matthew 19:29-30 T Quote/FTV And everyone who has left houses or brothers or sisters or father or mother or children or lands, for my name's sake, will receive a hundredfold and will inherit eternal life. But many who are first will be last, and the last first.
Matthew 19:4-5 A Quote/FTV He answered, "Have you not read that he who created them from the beginning made them male and female, and said, 'Therefore a man shall leave his father and his mother and hold fast to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh'?
Matthew 19:7-8 T Quote/FTV They said to him, "Why then did Moses command one to give a certificate of divorce and to send her away?" He said to them, "Because of your hardness of heart Moses allowed you to divorce your wives, but from the beginning it was not so."
Matthew 20:18-19 T Quote/FTV "See, we are going up to Jerusalem. And the Son of Man will be delivered over to the chief priests and scribes, and they will condemn him to death and deliver him over to the Gentiles to be mocked and flogged and crucified, and he will be raised on the third day."
Matthew 20:26-28 A Quote/FTV It shall not be so among you. But whoever would be great among you must be your servant, and whoever would be first among you must be your slave, even as the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many."
Matthew 20:28 C Quote/FTV even as the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many.
Matthew 21:09 C Quote/FTV And the crowds that went before him and that followed him were shouting, "Hosanna to the Son of David! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna in the highest!"
Matthew 21:13 B Quote/FTV He said to them, "It is written, 'My house shall be called a house of prayer, but you make it a den of robbers.'"
Matthew 21:37-38 A Quote/FTV Finally he sent his son to them, saying, 'They will respect my son.' But when the tenants saw the son, they said to themselves, 'This is the heir. Come, let us kill him and have his inheritance.'
Matthew 21:42 C Quote/FTV Jesus said to them, "Have you never read in the Scriptures: 'The stone that the builders rejected has become the cornerstone; this was the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes'?
Matthew 22:21b B Quote/FTV "Therefore render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's"
Matthew 22:31-32 A Quote/FTV And as for the resurrection of the dead, have you not read what was said to you by God: 'I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob'? He is not God of the dead, but of the living."
Matthew 22:37-38 C Quote/FTV And he said to him, "You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind. This is the great and first commandment."
Matthew 22:39-40 B Quote/FTV And a second is like it: You shall love your neighbor as yourself. On these two commandments depend all the Law and the Prophets."
Matthew 22:8-9 A Quote/FTV Then he said to his servants, 'The wedding feast is ready, but those invited were not worthy. Go therefore to the main roads and invite to the wedding feast as many as you find.'
Matthew 23:11 C Quote/FTV The greatest among you shall be your servant.
Matthew 23:12 C Quote/FTV Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted.
Matthew 23:23 A Quote/FTV "Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you tithe mint and dill and cumin, and have neglected the weightier matters of the law: justice and mercy and faithfulness. These you ought to have done, without neglecting the others."
Matthew 23:28 T Quote/FTV So you also outwardly appear righteous to others, but within you are full of hypocrisy and lawlessness.
Matthew 23:37 B Quote/FTV "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, the city that kills the prophets and stones those who are sent to it! How often would I have gathered your children together as a hen gathers her brood under her wings, and you were not willing!"
Matthew 24:13-14 T Quote/FTV But the one who endures to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the whole world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come.
Matthew 24:14 B Quote/FTV And this gospel of the kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the whole world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come.
Matthew 24:27 T Quote/FTV For as the lightning comes from the east and shines as far as the west, so will be the coming of the Son of Man.
Matthew 24:30 A Quote/FTV Then will appear in heaven the sign of the Son of Man, and then all the tribes of the earth will mourn, and they will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.
Matthew 24:31 T Quote/FTV And he will send out his angels with a loud trumpet call, and they will gather his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other.
Matthew 24:35 C Quote/FTV Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will not pass away.
Matthew 24:36 T Quote/FTV "But concerning that day and hour no one knows, not even the angels of heaven, nor the Son, but the Father only.
Matthew 24:44 B Quote/FTV Therefore you also must be ready, for the Son of Man is coming at an hour you do not expect.
Matthew 25:13 C Quote/FTV Watch therefore, for you know neither the day nor the hour.
Matthew 25:21 B Quote/FTV His master said to him, "Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful over a little; I will set you over much. Enter into the joy of your master."
Matthew 25:31 B Quote/FTV When the Son of Man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, then he will sit on his glorious throne.
Matthew 25:31-33 A Quote/FTV When the Son of Man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, then he will sit on his glorious throne. Before him will be gathered all the nations and he will separate people one from another as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats. And he will place the sheep on his right, but the goats on the left.
Matthew 25:34 B Quote/FTV Then the king will say to those on his right, "Come, you who are blessed by my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world."
Matthew 25:35-36 A Quote/FTV For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me, I was naked and you clothed me, I was sick and you visited me, I was in prison and you came to me.
Matthew 25:37-39 A Quote/FTV Then the righteous will answer him, saying, "Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you drink? And when did we see you a stranger and welcome you, or naked and clothe you? And when did we see you sick or in prison and visit you?"
Matthew 25:40 B Quote/FTV And the king will answer them, "Truly I say to you, as you did it to one of the least of these my brothers, you did it to me."
Matthew 26:12-13 C Quote/FTV In pouring this ointment on my body, she has done it to prepare me for burial. Truly, I say to you, wherever this gospel is proclaimed in the whole world, what she has done will also be told in memory of her."
Matthew 26:26 C Quote/FTV Now as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and after blessing it broke it and gave it to the disciples, and said, "Take, eat, this is my body."
Matthew 26:27-28 B Quote/FTV And he took a cup, and when he had given thanks he gave it to them, saying, "Drink of it, all of you, for this is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins."
Matthew 26:29 T Quote/FTV I tell you I will not drink again of this fruit of the vine until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom.
Matthew 26:30-31 T Quote/FTV And when they had sung a hymn, they went out to the Mount of Olives. Then Jesus said to them, "You will all fall away because of me this night. For it is written, 'I will strike the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock will be scattered.'"
Matthew 26:33-34 T Quote/FTV Peter answered him, "Though they all fall away because of you, I will never fall away." Jesus said to him, "Truly, I tell you, this very night, before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times."
Matthew 26:39 A Quote/FTV And going a little farther he fell on his face and prayed, saying, "My Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me; nevertheless, not as I will, but as you will."
Matthew 26:41 C Quote/FTV Watch and pray that you may not enter into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Matthew 26:42 A Quote/FTV Again, for the second time, he went away and prayed, "My Father, if this cannot pass unless I drink it, your will be done."
Matthew 26:53-54 T Quote/FTV Do you think that I cannot appeal to my Father, and he will at once send me more than twelve legions of angels? But how then should the Scriptures be fulfilled, that it must be so?
Matthew 26:56 C Quote/FTV "But all this has taken place that the Scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled." Then all the disciples left him and fled.
Matthew 26:75 T Quote/FTV And Peter remembered the saying of Jesus, "Before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times." And he went out and wept bitterly.
Matthew 27:1-2 B Quote/FTV When morning came, all the chief priests and the elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death. And they bound him and led him away and delivered him over to Pilate the governor.
Matthew 27:13-14 A Quote/FTV Then Pilate said to him, "Do you not hear how many things they testify against you?" But he gave him no answer, not even to a single charge, so that the governor was greatly amazed.
Matthew 27:18 B Quote/FTV For he knew that it was out of envy that they had delivered him up.
Matthew 27:22 C Quote/FTV Pilate said to them, "Then what shall I do with Jesus who is called Christ?" They all said, "Let him be crucified:"
Matthew 27:22-23 A Quote/FTV Pilate said to them, "Then what shall I do with Jesus who is called Christ?" They all said, "Let him be crucified:" And he said, "Why? What evil has he done?" But they shouted all the more, "Let him be crucified!"
Matthew 27:25-26 T Quote/FTV And all the people answered, "His blood be on us and on our children!" Then he released for them Barabbas, and having scourged Jesus, delivered him to be crucified.
Matthew 27:28-29 A Quote/FTV And they stripped him and put a scarlet robe on him, and twisting together a crown of thorns, they put it on his head and put a reed in his right hand. And kneeling before him, they mocked him, saying, "Hail, King of the Jews!"
Matthew 27:30-31 A Quote/FTV And they spit on him and took the reed and struck him on the head. And when they had mocked him, they stripped him of the robe and put his own clothes on him and led him away to crucify him.
Matthew 27:37 C Quote/FTV And over his head they put the charge against him, which read, "This is Jesus, the King of the Jews."
Matthew 27:45-46 T Quote/FTV Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour. And about the ninth hour Jesus cried out with a loud voice, saying, "Eli, Eli, lema sabachthani?" that is, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?"
Matthew 27:51 C Quote/FTV And behold, the curtain of the temple was torn in two, from top to bottom. And the earth shook, and the rocks were split.
Matthew 27:52-53 T Quote/FTV The tombs also were opened. And many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised, and coming out of the tombs after his resurrection they went into the holy city and appeared to many.
Matthew 27:54 C Quote/FTV When the centurion and those who were with him, keeping watch over Jesus, saw the earthquake and what took place, they were filled with awe and said, "Truly this was the Son of God!"
Matthew 27:59-60 B Quote/FTV And Joseph took the body and wrapped it in a clean linen shroud and laid it in his own new tomb, which he had cut in the rock. And he rolled a great stone to the entrance of the tomb and went away.
Matthew 27:9-10 T Quote/FTV Then was fulfilled what had been spoken by the prophet Jeremiah, saying, "And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him on whom a price had been set by some of the sons of Israel, and they gave them for the potter's field, as the Lord directed me."
Matthew 28:1-2 T Quote/FTV Now after the Sabbath, toward the dawn of the first day of the week, Mary Magdalene and the other Mary went to see the tomb. And behold, there was a great earthquake, for an angel of the Lord descended from heaven and came and rolled back the stone and sat on it
Matthew 28:18-20 A Quote/FTV And Jesus came and said to them, "All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me. Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you. And behold, I am with you always, to the end of the age."
Matthew 28:5 C Quote/FTV But the angel said to the women, "Do not be afraid, for I know that you seek Jesus who was crucified. He is not here, for he has risen, as he said. Come, see the place where he lay."
Matthew 28:7 B Quote/FTV Then go quickly and tell his disciples that he has risen from the dead, and behold, he is going before you to Galilee; there you will see him. See, I have told you."
